Design Document: Project 3
Author: Jamie Dang
Date: 5/7/2024

Purpose: this program will use a hash table to store websites by topic.

Part 1: Website Class
The Website Class will be what I use to make Website objects for the Table ADT.
Each website contains the following:
1. Topic Name [char *]
2. Website address [char *]
3. Summary of website [char *]
4. Website Review [char *]
5. Rating [int, 1 through 5]

Part 2: Table ADT
This Table ADT will store Website objects. This ADT will be in the form of a hash
table, with a (dynamic) array of pointers to linked lists.
Table functions:
1. Constructor
2. Destructor (deallocates the hash table)
3. Insert a new website by topic (add website's information into the hash table)
4. Retrieve all websites based on topic keyword supplied-- will return a boolean
	to indicate success or failure. This function will not correspond with the user
	at all.
5. Edit -> modify the review and rating for a particular topic and website
6. Remove all websites with a 1 star rating
7. Display based on given topic keyword
8. Display all websites
9. Monitor, for the performance of the hashing function by displaying each 
	chain's length
10. The hashing function to evenly distribute the websites into the hash table.

Part 3: Driver/Test Program
The driver will first populate the hash table with data from data.txt.
Then, it will enter a menu that looks like the following:
(Note that when incorrect data is entered, the program will accordingly
reprompt until the correct data is entered.)

Website Topic Tracker

Please choose an option:

(1) Add a new website by topic
(2) Retrieve based on topic keyword
(3) Edit a website's reviews and ratings
(4) Remove all websites with a 1 star rating
(5) Display based on topic keyword
(6) Display all websites
(7) Monitor hashing performance
(8) Quit

When (1) is selected, the program will prompt for data to create a Website
object. After that, it will insert the website into the hash table.

When (2) is selected, the program will prompt for a char array from the user
and then retrieve a website (or website(s)) based on the topic the user provides.

When (3) is selected, the program will prompt for a website index (Based on the 
display of the data in (6)) and check to make sure the website exists in the hash 
table. If it does, the user can then edit the website's review and ratings after 
the program prompts for that data.

When (4) is selected, the program will remove all websites with a 1 star rating, and 
display a confirmation message to confirm that the removal was successful.

When (5) is selected, the program will prompt the user for a topic keyword,
then display all websites with the keyword.

When (6) is selected, all websites will be displayed in table form, as follows:
Index		Topic Name		Website Address		Summary		Review		Rating

When (7) is selected, the program will display information about the hashing 
performance by displaying the length of each chain in the hash table.
