Design Document: Project 4
Author: Jamie Dang
Date: 5/15/2024

Purpose: This program will use a BST to store websites by address keyword.

Part 1: Website Class
The Website Class will be what I use to make Website objects for the Table ADT.

Each website contains the following:
1. Topic Name [char *]
2. Keyword [char *, this will be unique for each site and will be used for sorting/searching]
3. Website address [char *]
4. Summary of website [char *]
5. Website Review [char *]
6. Rating [int, 1 through 5]

Part 2: BST Node
For the binary search tree, we will use "BST Node" struct objects to create the
nodes within the tree. Each node will contain the following:

1. Data (a Website object)
2. A left child pointer
3. A right child pointer

If a node has no children, the pointers point to null. The struct for the 
nodes will be created within the BST class (private).

Part 3: BST Class
The BST will store BST Nodes, which hold Website objects as data members.
The BST class will implement the Binary Search Tree ADT and store values
based on a website's unique keyword. The BST class will have a Node pointer
that points to the "root" of the entire tree.

BST Functions:
1. Constructor: initialize all data members.
2. Destructor: deallocate all dynamic memory adn reset data members to 
	equivalent 0 value. This will use postoder traversal and will
	delete recursively.
3. Insert: add a new topic based on the keyword in the website address.
4. Remove all matches to a topic name
5. Remove a particular website based on keyword (only one match)
6. Retrieve information about a particular website based on its keyword
	(this will NOT display information, just return it back)
7. Display all websites (sorted alphabetically by keyword, so this will
	be inorder traversal)
8. Monitor the height of the tree 

Part 4: Driver/Client Code
The driver will first populate the BST with data from data.txt.
Then, it will enter a menu that looks like the following:
(Note that when incorrect data is entered, the program will accordingly
reprompt until the correct data is entered.)

Website Topic Tracker

Please choose an option:

(1) Add a new website by keyword
(2) Remove a website based on a keyword (one match)
(3) Remove all websites with a topic (all matches)
(4) Retrieve a site (based on keyword)
(5) Display all websites alphabetically
(6) Monitor tree height
(7) Quit

When (1) is selected, the program will prompt for data to create a Website
object. After that, it will insert the website into the BST.

When (2) is selected, the program will prompt for a keyword from the user and remove
the website with the associated keyword

When (3) is selected, the program will prompt for a topic from the user and remove
all websites with a matching topic 

When (4) is selected, the program will prompt for a keyword from the user and display
the website that matches the keyword 

When (5) is selected, all websites will be displayed in table form, as follows:
Key		Topic Name		Website Address		Summary		Review		Rating

The websites will be in alphabetical order.

When (6) is selected, the program will display information about the height
of the BST currently. 

When (7) is selected, the program will send a "thank you" message and end execution.
